[Applause]
I miss you already thank you for leaving
the tiny apartments you share with five
roommates to be here tonight
this is closing night for us at the
Brooklyn Academy of Music I always tell
people across the country this borough
Brooklyn is unlike any place on earth
I'm gonna miss everything about it and
accept alternate side parking that's
there's so much character you can feel
it in every place you go you know in LA
our most historic landmark is the
sunglass hut at the Sherman Oaks
Galleria so it's different and IV I
don't know if you can tell my suits
pulling a little I've eaten so much this
week I want to thank all the many
restaurants and coffee shops and donut
shops and diners and ice cream places
all the many established you sent us
food this week let's put the names of
every now I want to put this up in the
screen this is for real
I seriously ate at least one thing
places I wish I was getting
one is bunny place Franky's 1408 at for
time I want that list to be rental out
of my funeral I really do it anyway
those are the people who conspired to
kill me this week I want to say thanks
to them and thanks to the great staff
here at BAM Brooklyn Academy of Music
you guys I will say so warm and you made
this Opera House feel like an opera home
and we appreciate it
and above all I want to thank our crew
from LA and here in New York for all
their incredibly hard work it takes a
lot to put show like this together whole
televisions over three thousand month
not since Saved by the Bell went to
Hawaii has there been a production so
immense moving and I want to thank both
our crews from both coasts from do it
for doing perfectly thanks for watching
if you liked that subscribe to our
YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares